MTA-7229 [DOC] Configuring repositories documentation is misleading (#384)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/mta-ui/proc_configuring-maven-repo.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configuring-maven-repo_{context}"]
= Enable insecure access to a Maven repository

[role="_abstract"]

> Administrators can configure {ProductFullName} to accept self-signed or internal certificates to allow an insecure connection to access your *Maven* repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an Administrator, configure {ProductFullName} to accept self-signed or internal certificates to allow an insecure connection to access your *Maven* repository.
```

> You can also clear the Maven cache of your local artifact repository in the *Repositories* view of the {ProductShortName} web console to save disk space.

Reviewer: I think we can skip "also" here. The sentence isn't directly related to the previous one
```suggestion
You can clear the Maven cache of your local artifact repository in the *Repositories* view of the {ProductShortName} web console to save disk space.
```
